kubo rpc: tls and basic http auth guide (#1989)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/kubo-rpc-tls-auth.md

---

> title: TLS and HTTP Auth for Kubo RPC with Caddy

Author: ```suggestion
title: Secure Kubo RPC with TLS and Basic Auth
```

description: Learn how to set up TLS for Kubo with Caddy reverse proxy for secure RPC API access over public networks.
---

> # Setting up TLS and HTTP authentication for Kubo RPC with Caddy reverse proxy

Author: ```suggestion
# Secure Kubo RPC with TLS and HTTP Auth
```
